[Focus Mode] New images for the IndexedDB article (#2877)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/storage/indexeddb.md

---
title: View and change IndexedDB data

> description: How to view and change IndexedDB data with the Application tool and snippets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to view and change IndexedDB data by using the Application tool and snippets.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with

alt (tech review this):
```
description: How to view and change IndexedDB data by using the Application tool or snippets.
```

   **Note:** IndexedDB data doesn't update in real-time. If you see outdated data displayed in an object store, refresh the object store view. See [Refresh IndexedDB data](#refresh-indexeddb-data).

1. Click a cell in the **Value** column to expand the value:

   ![View an IndexedDB value](./indexeddb-images/expanded-value.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Refresh IndexedDB data

IndexedDB values in the **Application** tool don't update in real-time.

*  To refresh the data, view an object store and then click the **Refresh** (![Refresh](./indexeddb-images/reload-icon.png)) button.

*  To refresh all data in an IndexedDB database, view a database and then click **Refresh database**:

   ![The database view, with the refresh button](./indexeddb-images/refresh-db.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edit IndexedDB data

IndexedDB keys and values aren't editable from the **Application** tool.  However, since DevTools has access to the page context, you can run JavaScript code within DevTools to edit the data stored in an IndexedDB database.

> #### Edit IndexedDB data with the Console tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Edit IndexedDB data by using the Console tool
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with

1. In DevTools, on the Activity Bar, select the **Console** tab.

1. In the **Console** tool, run JavaScript code to edit the IndexedDB data. For example, to add a new value to the `keyval` object store, run the following code:
   
   ```javascript
   let connection = indexedDB.open("keyval-store", 1);

   connection.onsuccess = e => {
     const database = e.target.result;
     const transaction = database.transaction("keyval", "readwrite");
     const objectStore = transaction.objectStore("keyval");
     const request = objectStore.add({foo: "bar"}, "new-key");
     request.onsuccess = e => {
       console.log(e.target.result);
     }
   }
   ```

> #### Edit IndexedDB data with snippets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Edit IndexedDB data by using snippets
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/u/using-by-using-with

> [Snippets](../javascript/snippets.md) are a way to store and run JavaScript code repeatedly, within DevTools.  If you need to edit IndexedDB data often, store it in a new snippet. To learn more, see [Run snippets of JavaScript on any webpage](../javascript/snippets.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Snippets](../javascript/snippets.md) are a way to store and run JavaScript code repeatedly, within DevTools.  If you need to edit IndexedDB data often, store it in a new snippet, and then run the snippet. To learn more, see [Run snippets of JavaScript on any webpage](../javascript/snippets.md).
```
completing the story/description of what we're proposing

![Using a Snippet to interact with IndexedDB](./indexeddb-images/edit-from-snippet.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Delete IndexedDB data

> #### Delete an IndexedDB key-value pair

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can delete:
* An IndexedDB key-value pair.
* All key-value pairs in an object store.
* An IndexedDB database.
* All IndexedDB storage.

These options are described below.

#### Delete an IndexedDB key-value pair
```
per style guides, try to avoid a series of headings w/o content/sentence in between.

rendered section:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/storage/indexeddb?branch=pr-en-us-2877#delete-indexeddb-data

1. [View an IndexedDB object store](#view-indexeddb-data).

> 1. Click the key-value pair that you want to delete.  DevTools highlights it to indicate that it is selected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the key-value pair that you want to delete.  DevTools highlights the key-value pair to indicate that it is selected:
```
too many "it" in sentence; sentence doesn't contain a word to resolve "it", so sentence is meaningless on its own.

   ![A key-value pair item is selected in the object store view](./indexeddb-images/select-keyval.png)

1. Press `Delete` on your keyboard or click the **Delete Selected** (![Delete Selected icon](./indexeddb-images/delete-icon.png)) button:

   ![The delete key value button in the toolbar of the object store view](./indexeddb-images/delete-keyval.png)

#### Delete all key-value pairs in an object store

1. [View an IndexedDB object store](#view-indexeddb-data).

1. Click the **Clear object store** (![Clear object store](./indexeddb-images/clear-icon.png)) button.

   ![The clear object store button in the toolbar of the object store view](./indexeddb-images/clear-object-store.png)

#### Delete an IndexedDB database

1. [View the IndexedDB database](#view-indexeddb-data) that you want to delete.

1. Click **Delete database**.

   ![The Delete database button](./indexeddb-images/delete-database.png)

#### Delete all IndexedDB storage

1. In the sidebar of the **Application** tool, click **Storage**.

> 1. Scroll down to the **Storage** checkboxes and make sure that the **IndexedDB** checkbox is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Scroll down to the **Storage** checkboxes and make sure that the **IndexedDB** checkbox is selected.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/check-checkbox-check-mark

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## View IndexedDB data

1. Open a webpage that uses IndexedDB in a new window or tab. You can use [the PWAmp demo application](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/pwamp/).

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press **Ctrl+Shift+I** (Windows, Linux) or **Command+Option+I** (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the Activity Bar, select the **Application** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tools** (![More tools icon](./indexeddb-images/more-tools-icon.png)) button.

   The **Manifest** pane usually opens by default:

   ![The Manifest pane of the Application tool](./indexeddb-images/application-tool-manifest-panel.png)

> 1. In the sidebar, under **Storage**, expand the **IndexedDB** menu to review which databases are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the sidebar, under **Storage**, expand the **IndexedDB** menu to see which databases are available:
```

   connection.onsuccess = e => {
     const database = e.target.result;
     const transaction = database.transaction("keyval", "readwrite");
     const objectStore = transaction.objectStore("keyval");
     const request = objectStore.add({foo: "bar"}, "new-key");
     request.onsuccess = e => {
       console.log(e.target.result);
     }
   }
   ```

#### Edit IndexedDB data by using snippets

[Snippets](../javascript/snippets.md) are a way to store and run JavaScript code repeatedly, within DevTools.  If you need to edit IndexedDB data often, store it in a new snippet, and then run the snippet. To learn more, see [Run snippets of JavaScript on any webpage](../javascript/snippets.md).

![Using a Snippet to interact with IndexedDB](./indexeddb-images/edit-from-snippet.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Delete IndexedDB data

You can delete any of the following:
* An IndexedDB key-value pair.
* All key-value pairs in an object store.
* An IndexedDB database.
* All IndexedDB storage.

These options are described below.

#### Delete an IndexedDB key-value pair

1. [View an IndexedDB object store](#view-indexeddb-data).

> 1. Click the key-value pair that you want to delete.  DevTools highlights the key-value pair to indicate that it is selected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the key-value pair that you want to delete.  DevTools highlights the key-value pair to indicate that it's selected:
```
prefer contractions per brand voice per Acrolinx, except where emphasis needed.

   ![A key-value pair item is selected in the object store view](./indexeddb-images/select-keyval.png)

> 1. Press `Delete` on your keyboard or click the **Delete Selected** (![Delete Selected icon](./indexeddb-images/delete-icon.png)) button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press the `Delete` key, or click the **Delete Selected** (![Delete Selected icon](./indexeddb-images/delete-icon.png)) button:
```
@captainbrosset - is tooltip "Delete Selected", or "Delete selected"?  Some strings in this tool have changed to sentence case.
* comma to separate the two phrases / two ways.
* I'd write just "Press Delete" - that's an alternative that's less verbose.

   ![The delete key value button in the toolbar of the object store view](./indexeddb-images/delete-keyval.png)

#### Delete all key-value pairs in an object store

1. [View an IndexedDB object store](#view-indexeddb-data).

1. Click the **Clear object store** (![Clear object store](./indexeddb-images/clear-icon.png)) button.

   ![The clear object store button in the toolbar of the object store view](./indexeddb-images/clear-object-store.png)

#### Delete an IndexedDB database

1. [View the IndexedDB database](#view-indexeddb-data) that you want to delete.

1. Click **Delete database**.

   ![The Delete database button](./indexeddb-images/delete-database.png)

#### Delete all IndexedDB storage

1. In the sidebar of the **Application** tool, click **Storage**.

1. Scroll down to the **Storage** checkboxes and make sure that the **IndexedDB** checkbox is selected.

> 1. Click **Clear site data**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Clear site data** button.
```
corp-level style guide says "don't state UI control type (unless doing so is helpful)", yet also states "don't assume users can view pngs".
so, plan: product-level style guide will say "always state the UI control type".
